Shedding Light on CVSS Scoring Inconsistencies: A User-Centric Study on
Evaluating Widespread Security Vulnerabilities
Authors’ version; to appear in the Proceedings of the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (S&P) 2024
Julia Wunder∗, Andreas Kurtz †, Christian Eichenmüller ∗, Freya Gassmann ‡ and Zinaida Benenson ∗
∗Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg, firstname.lastname@fau.de
†Heilbronn University of Applied Sciences, andreas.kurtz@hs-heilbronn.de
‡Rheinland-Pfälzische Technische Universität Kaiserslautern-Landau, freya.gassmann@rptu.de
Abstract—The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS)
is a popular method for evaluating the severity of vulnera-
bilities in vulnerability management. In the evaluation pro-
cess, a numeric score between 0 and 10 is calculated, 10
being the most severe (critical) value. The goal of CVSS
is to provide comparable scores across different evaluators.
However, previous works indicate that CVSS might not reach
this goal: If a vulnerability is evaluated by several analysts,
their scores often differ. This raises the following questions: Are
CVSS evaluations consistent? Which factors influence CVSS
assessments? We systematically investigate these questions in
an online survey with 196 CVSS users. We show that specific
CVSS metrics are inconsistently evaluated for widespread
vulnerability types, including Top 3 vulnerabilities from the
“2022 CWE Top 25 Most Dangerous Software Weaknesses”
list. In a follow-up survey with 59 participants, we found
that for the same vulnerabilities from the main study, 68% of
these users gave different severity ratings. Our study reveals
that most evaluators are aware of the problematic aspects of
CVSS, but they still see CVSS as a useful tool for vulnerability
assessment. Finally, we discuss possible reasons for inconsistent
evaluations and provide recommendations on improving the
consistency of scoring.
1. Introduction
The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) is
a popular system for evaluating the severity of vulnerabili-
ties. In the vulnerability assessment process, the metrics of
CVSS, which reflect different characteristics of vulnerabili-
ties, are evaluated by human users, and then a numeric score
– the CVSS Base Score – is computed from the values of the
metrics using a specified formula. CVSS is used by many
companies and organizations as an industry standard [1], [2].
For example, the well-known vulnerability database NVD 1
provides CVSS scores for each vulnerability.
Scoring the severity of vulnerabilities is a crucial step
in vulnerability management, as it helps to decide whether
and how promptly countermeasures must be taken to prevent
exploitation. If the severity is overestimated, resources may
be misallocated to remediate it. On the other hand, a vul-
nerability with underestimated severity may cause damage,
1. https://nvd.nist.gov
as it may remain unpatched for too long. CVSS thus bears a
great responsibility, and consistent severity evaluations are
a cornerstone for efficiently dealing with vulnerabilities.
However, previous research has shown that scores of
different evaluators are likely to differ [3], [4], but little
is still known about the factors that influence the scoring.
CVSSv3.1 Specification [5, p. 5] states: “[...] it is likely
that many different types of individuals will be scoring
vulnerabilities (e.g., software vendors, vulnerability bulletin
analysts, security product vendors), however, note that vul-
nerability scoring is intended to be agnostic to the individual
and their organization.”
We conducted a systematic investigation of CVSSv3.1
(the most current version of CVSS) as depicted in Fig. 1.
Through analysis of related work and a discussion ses-
sion with three experienced CVSS evaluators, we identified
possible factors influencing CVSS assessments, problematic
parts of CVSS documentation and widespread vulnerability
types where CVSS evaluations might be inconsistent. Next,
we defined research questions and systematically selected
common and impactful candidate vulnerabilities to be eval-
uated. In a preliminary online survey with 18 experienced
CVSS evaluators we gathered additional expert opinion and
tested the suitability of candidate vulnerabilities. In the main
study, we conducted an online survey with 196 CVSS users.
We also gathered free-text comments on possible issues
with the evaluated vulnerabilities, and on CVSS usage and
attitudes. Finally, we conducted a follow-up online survey
with 59 participants, who evaluated the same vulnerabil-
ities that they evaluated in the main study to investigate
the consistency of evaluations over time. To the best of
our knowledge, this is the first study that systematically
evaluates the consistency of CVSS ratings for common and
impactful vulnerability types.
The contributions of this study are as follows:
1) We show that CVSS metrics Attack Vector, User Inter-
action and Scope were not consistently assessed by 196
professional CVSS users for widespread vulnerabilities
such as Out-of-bounds Write (2022 CWE Top 1) 2 and
Cross-site Scripting (2022 CWE Top 2).
2) We provide evidence that factors influencing evaluation
correctness are more closely related to the properties
2. https://cwe.mitre.org/top25/archive/2022/2022_cwe_top25.html
arXiv:2308.15259v2  [cs.CR]  8 May 2024
Figure 1. Overview of study design ( N = number of participants).
of CVSS, such as problematic metrics, than to personal
characteristics of evaluators such as work experience or
knowledge of CVSS documents.
3) We show that security deficiencies (e.g., Missing
HTTPOnly Flag, Banner Disclosure) were also in-
consistently evaluated and led to comments on their
suitability for being evaluated with CVSS.
4) Moreover, in the follow-up study with 59 participants
(volunteers from the main study) conducted 9 months
later, evaluations of the same person changed severity
for 68% of participants.
5) We shed light on the CVSS scoring process, e.g., on av-
erage 10 evaluators are usually involved per evaluation,
CVSS assessments take about 5 minutes on average,
and the online calculator is the most often used tool.
6) We show that CVSS documentation is consulted rarely,
and 30% of users in our sample have never read it.
7) We analyze attitudes towards CVSS, e.g., although 85%
of evaluators in our sample find CVSS inconsistent,
most participants (80%) still find it a useful tool for
vulnerability assessment.
8) We release a public data set with questionnaires, de-
scriptive results and pseudonymized datasets from the
main study and follow-up study [6].
Outline. This paper is organized as follows. Sec. 2 gives
an overview of CVSS and related work. Sec. 3 outlines an
expert discussion and an expert survey we conducted to un-
derstand problematic aspects of CVSS. Research questions
are presented in Sec. 4. In Sec. 5 design of the main survey
and analysis methods are specified, followed by presentation
of the results in Sec. 6. We discuss our results in Sec. 7,
and conclude in Sec. 8.
2. Background and Related Work
2.1. CVSS Specification and Usage
CVSS was developed by the National Infrastructure
Advisory Council (NIAC) 3 and is currently maintained by
FIRST4 [7]. CVSS consists of three scores which can take
any numeric value between 0.0 and 10.0: The Base Score,
the Environmental Score and the Temporal Score. The Base
Score “represents the intrinsic qualities of a vulnerabil-
ity that are constant over time and across user environ-
ments” [5, p. 1]. The Environmental and Temporal Scores
are optional and can be used to adapt the Base Score with re-
spect to characteristics of a vulnerability that “are unique to
a user’s environment” or “change over time” [5, p. 1]. The
3. https://www.cisa.gov/niac
4. https://www.first.org
Base Score consists of eight metrics: Attack Vector (A V),
Attack Complexity (AC), Privileges Required (PR), User
Interaction (UI), Scope (S), Confidentiality (C), Integrity
(I) and Availability (A). During evaluation, each metric is
assigned a value (Tab. 1) resulting in a vector string, e.g.:
CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:H/PR:L/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:H
Thus, the vector string consists of metric values assessed
by an evaluator. Each metric value has a corresponding
numeric value. These numeric values are used in a formula
to calculate the Base Score [5, p. 18], which can range from
0.0 to 10.0, where 0.0 means no severity (None) and 10.0
means the highest severity (Critical) (see Tab. 2).
FIRST published three documents for CVSSv3.1: Speci-
fication [5] describes the scoring process, the metrics and the
formulas; User Guide [8] provides scoring guidelines; Ex-
amples [9] lists 29 vulnerabilities with explanation of their
CVSS assessment. According to FIRST, CVSS produces a
numerical score that reflects severity of a vulnerability and
can be used as input for vulnerability management. CVSS
should not be used as the only input for ranking threats,
as other factors such as monetary losses, threat of injury or
public sentiment should also be considered. FIRST explicitly
emphasizes that CVSS measures severity and should not be
used to measure risk.
The US-based National Vulnerability Database (NVD)
is widely used within the CVSS community. For each vul-
nerability, it contains its CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and
Exposures, a unique vulnerability ID) number, a short de-
scription, a CVSS evaluation, the CWE (Common Weakness
Enumeration) identifier and advisory information. MITRE 5
provides the CVEs, whereas CVSS scores are contributed by
NVD. CWE reflects the type of vulnerability, e.g., Cross-site
Scripting is CWE-79.
2.2. Related Work
Different CVSS issues have been investigated and dis-
cussed within the security community (see Tab. 3).
Critique on CVSS. Spring et al. [12] state that CVSS
is often misused in companies, as the Base Score is used
directly for risk rating, though it should be used for severity
rating. Another problem is that the formula to compute the
Base Score is not “empirically or theoretically justified” [12,
p. 2]. The authors suggest conducting user studies to work
out problematic aspects of CVSS in an evidence-based way.
In a follow-up work, Spring et al. [14] criticize CVSS failure
to account for context or consequences for human life, e.g.,
when assessing vulnerabilities of medical devices, as this
5. https://cve.mitre.org/
Metric Description in FIRST Specification Document Values
Attack Vector (A V) ”[...] reflects the context by which vulnerability exploitation is possible.“ (p. 5) Network (N), Adjacent (A),
Local (L), Physical (P)
Attack Complexity (AC) ”[...] describes the conditions beyond the attacker’s control that must exist in order to
exploit the vulnerability.“ (p. 6)
Low (L), High (H)
Privileges Required (PR) ”[...] describes the level of privileges an attacker must possess before successfully
exploiting the vulnerability.“ (p. 7)
None (N), Low (L), High (H)
User Interaction (UI) ”[...] captures the requirement for a human user, other than the attacker, to participate
in the successful compromise of the vulnerable component.“ (p. 8)
None (N), Required (R)
Scope (S) ”[...] captures whether a vulnerability in one vulnerable component impacts resources
in components beyond its security scope.“ (p. 8)
Unchanged (U), Changed (C)
Confidentiality (C) ”[...] measures the impact to the confidentiality of the information resources managed
by a software component due to a successfully exploited vulnerability.“ (p. 10)
High (H), Low (L), None (N)
Integrity (I) ”[...] measures the impact to integrity of a successfully exploited vulnerability.“ (p. 10) High (H), Low (L), None (N)
Availability (A) ”[...] measures the impact to the availability of the impacted component resulting from
a successfully exploited vulnerability.“ (p. 10)
High (H), Low (L), None (N)
TABLE 1. CVSS METRICS AND THEIR VALUES [5].
Severity Base Score
None 0.0
Low 0.1 - 3.9
Medium 4.0 - 6.9
High 7.0 - 8.9
Critical 9.0 - 10.0
TABLE 2. S EVERITY OF THE CVSS B ASE SCORES [5, P. 21].
is not reflected by current CVSS metrics. Klinedinst [11]
discusses the Scope metric as a useful addition in CVSSv3
and criticizes its lack of impact on the Base Score when
choosing between S:U and S:C in some specific cases.
User Studies on CVSS. Holm and Afridi [4] investigated
the accuracy of CVSSv2 scores. The participants of their
survey assessed 3 fixed and 7 randomly selected vulnera-
bilities from NVD. As a result, 38% of evaluations differed
in severity from NVD scores. The authors suggest revisions
and additions to CVSS, e.g., environmental information and
vulnerability scope. The latter was introduced in CVSSv3.0.
Allodi et al. [3] measured the accuracy of CVSSv3.0
assessments by evaluators with different IT security knowl-
edge. Security experts, information security students and
computer science students evaluated 30 vulnerabilities ran-
domly selected from a list of 100 vulnerabilities used by
FIRST to develop the CVSS formula. The authors compared
the CVSS metric values assigned by the participants to the
NVD values. However, they excluded the Scope metric “[...]
because there is a debate even inside the SIG expert group
[...], due to the difficulty of correctly identifying its value
even by CVSS’s own designers” [3, p. 6]. Computer science
students were less accurate than the other two user groups,
but the latter also produced a broad range of scores.
Investigation of NVD scores. NVD scores have been
widely analyzed in the past years. Thus, Scarfone and
Mell [2] analyzed the distribution of CVSSv1 and CVSSv2
scores within the NVD and showed that CVSSv2 scores
provide a greater score diversity compared to CVSSv1.
Gallon [10] investigated the distribution of CVSSv2 metrics
for vulnerabilities published by NVD between 1999 to 2009
and showed that most vulnerabilities are evaluated with
medium Base Scores, which makes it hard to prioritize
them. Fall and Kadobayashi [13] analyzed the distribution
of CVSSv3.0 assessments of the NVD concerning “rock
star” vulnerabilities 6. According to the authors, most of
these vulnerabilities were rated with a lower severity than
expected. Several works uncovered poor information quality
and accuracy of NVD entries and developed systems for
improvement [17]–[19].
CVSS Alternatives. Wang et al. [1] defined new CVSS met-
rics that, e.g., reflect the OS type of the vulnerable system to
developed an improved scoring system based on CVSSv2.
Spring et al. [20] developed SSVC 7, which is a decision
tree based scoring system built upon CVSSv3.0. Zeng et
al. [21] presented LICALITY , which uses neural network
and program language processing techniques to assess risk
of vulnerabilities combining criticality and likelihood of
exploitation. Ganin et al. [22] proposed a decision-analysis
based framework for quantifying vulnerabilities, also con-
sidering consequences, risk assessment and management.
Chen et al. [23] defined a framework for exploitation predic-
tion using Twitter resulting in classification and regression
forecast models. Alperin et al. [24] used natural language
processing techniques to develop a vulnerability assessment
system that also includes availability of exploits.
Research Gap. The goal of our study is to evaluate the
consistency of CVSSv3.1 scoring. In contrast to Allodi et
al., we include the Scope metric. Furthermore, we system-
atically select widespread vulnerabilities and problematic
metrics to be investigated based on experience of longtime
CVSS users, whereas other works selected vulnerabilities
6. Vulnerabilities that received a lot of media attention, e.g., Melt-
down [15] or Spectre [16]
7. Stackeholder-Specific Vulnerability Categorization
Paper CVSS Content Year Partici- Vulnera- Work Working Knowledge of CVSS
Version pants bilities Experience Context CVSS Documents Attitude
Scarfone, Mell [2] 1, 2 NVD Analysis 2009 - 11,012 ○ ○ ○ ○
Gallon [10] 2 NVD Analysis 2011 - 40,026 ○ ○ ○ ○
Holm, Afridi [4] 2 Rater Accuracy 2015 384 2131 ● ○ ○ ○
Klinedinst [11] 3 Critique 2015 - - ○ ○ ○ ○
Spring et al. [12] 3 Critique 2018 - - ○ ○ ○ ○
Fall, Kadobayashi [13] 2, 3 NVD Analysis 2019 - 40 ○ ○ ○ ○
Allodi et al. [3] 3 Rater Accuracy 2020 73 30 ● ○ ○ ○
Spring et al. [14] 3 Critique 2021 - - ○ ○ ○ ○
This study 3.1 Scoring Consistency 2023 196 10 ● ● ● ●
TABLE 3. O VERVIEW OF RELATED WORK THAT FOCUSED ON CVSS. R ELATED WORKS THAT DEVELOPED ALTERNATIVES TO CVSS OR DISCUSSED
CVSS IN PASSING ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE TABLE .
randomly. We also investigate for the first time users’ at-
titudes to CVSS, and whether the daily routine of CVSS
assessments and attitudes influence the scoring. We are also
the first to examine whether evaluations of the same person
change over time.
3. Development of Research Questions
To gain insight into problematic aspects of CVSS and
develop research questions, we first conducted a discussion
session with three CVSS experts. Thereafter, we validated
discussion results and gathered more expert opinion in a
preliminary survey with 18 experienced CVSS users.
3.1. Discussion with CVSS Experts
In June 2020 we held a discussion session with three
participants who conduct CVSS evaluations regularly since
2013-2014. These participants are referred to as discussion
experts in the following. The discussion experts were re-
cruited through personal contacts. One of them conducts
external CVSS evaluations (self-employed) and two conduct
internal CVSS evaluations (one in a multinational automo-
tive corporation, one in a large industrial manufacturing
company). Two have a PhD and one has Master’s degree
in computer science. All are male, one is in 30-40 and two
are in 40-50 age range. The experts were not compensated.
Three researchers made notes during the session, as record-
ing was not allowed. Thereafter, we extracted, discussed and
combined the main topics and insights.
The experts described their average working day and
their experience with CVSS. Further, they were asked to
discuss aspects of CVSS and vulnerability types where
ambiguities and disagreements often occur. Following the
discussion, we chose 10 initial vulnerabilities for further
investigation in an expert survey (see Sec. 3.2). Due to space
restrictions, these vulnerabilities are not presented in detail.
We briefly outline results from the discussion and the survey
in the end of Sec. 3.2. Subsequently, in Sec. 3.3 we elaborate
on what we learned from the two preliminary studies and
present the implications for the main study.
3.2. Survey with CVSS Experts
We conducted an online survey to collect additional ex-
pert views on problematic CVSS aspects and to evaluate se-
lected candidate vulnerabilities. Our recruiting was targeted
at experienced CVSS users who regularly use CVSS in their
daily work. The participants were first asked to describe (via
free text) possible issues with CVSS. Next, they assessed 10
candidate vulnerabilities using FIRST Online Calculator 8.
The order of the vulnerabilities was randomized. Addition-
ally, the participants rated description quality, familiarity
with the software and suitability for CVSS evaluation for
each vulnerability on a 5-point Likert scale. They could
also state their comments for each vulnerability as free
text, which were later qualitatively coded by two researchers
independently, and then discussed in a team meeting.
The preliminary study ran for three weeks in fall 2020.
We used personal contacts and snowballing to recruit 18
participants. They have been assessing vulnerabilities using
CVSS for 5 years on average, and most considered them-
selves advanced or expert CVSS user. Nearly all partici-
pants identified as male with an average age of 35 years.
Their industry sectors were distributed over manufacturing,
communication technology, healthcare, IT consulting and
academic institutions, where most of them worked as in-
formation security managers, product security managers or
members of incident response teams. The participants were
not compensated, but expressed great interest in the topic
and high motivation to help.
Participation in the study took 40 minutes on median.
The free-text question about CVSS issues was asked before
the vulnerability assessment to avoid priming. The vulner-
abilities were presented in randomized order to counteract
possible fatigue. Additionally, at the end of the survey partic-
ipants were asked to rate control statements, such as “I have
answered the questions carefully”. The result showed no
abnormalities. Thus, although the survey took a long time,
survey fatigue was likely avoided due to high commitment
and professionalism of the participants.
Problems with CVSS stated in the free-text fields of
the survey were quite similar to those from the discussion.
8. https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.1
Discussion experts and survey participants described CVSS
evaluations as heavily subjective. Furthermore, they iden-
tified metrics that often lead to discussions. For example,
discussion experts as well as 8 survey participants stated that
the metric Scope is difficult to evaluate. Another problem,
mentioned by discussion experts and 7 survey participants,
is the difficulty to differentiate between A V:N and A V:A
for the metric Attack Vector. The quantitative evaluation
of the CVSS assessments showed that evaluations of many
metrics were not consistent. Descriptions of vulnerabilities
were mostly rated as sufficient and understandable, but
free text comments showed that some details were missing.
Therefore, we decided to replace some vulnerabilities and
slightly rephrased some of the descriptions to make them
more understandable for the main study.
3.3. Implications for Study Design
Preliminary expert studies revealed some aspects of
CVSS that were not apparent to us from literature research
and analysis of CVSS documentation. These aspects influ-
enced our study design and are presented below.
(1) Number of evaluated vulnerabilities per participant
should be low. In the expert survey, all participants eval-
uated 10 vulnerabilities, taking on average 4 minutes per
vulnerability. Several of them commented that they felt
depleted afterwards, and suggested to reduce the number
of vulnerabilities. Since we planned further questions in the
main study besides the assessments, we decided to provide
4 vulnerabilities per person to avoid fatigue.
(2) Investigated CVSS metrics should be largely context-
independent. The preliminary survey revealed that CVSS
metrics Attack Complexity, Privileges Required and Impact
Metrics (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability) strongly
depend on the context of the vulnerability, such as typical
installation of the system or software knowledge. For exam-
ple, one participant stated: “I was not sure about the level of
the required privileges [ . . .] as I am not familiar with this
application framework” . Another participant commented,
referring to missing system knowledge to rate the Impact
Metrics: “[. . .] unclear which exact data gets endangered”.
In contrast, metrics Attack Vector, User Interaction
and Scope received a low number of context-dependent
comments. For example, although many participants found
Scope difficult to rate, most of these difficulties referred to
their low conceptual understanding of this metric. In another
example, it is largely independent of the software whether
a user has to be involved into a successful compromise
(User Interaction). We note that in the main survey with
196 participants, metrics A V , UI and S received comments
on being unclear to rate due to the lack of context 8, 3
and 9 times, respectively. At the same time, AC, PR and
Impact Metrics received such comments 18, 16 and 67
times, respectively.
We decided to investigate the less context-dependent
metrics first, as fitting all metrics with their context into
descriptions of the vulnerabilities would make the descrip-
tions substantially longer. This would make the time spent
per vulnerability longer as well, and the number of rated
vulnerabilities per user even lower than outlined in point (1).
(3) We should aim at problematic metrics for widespread
vulnerability types. Previous user studies [3], [4] selected
vulnerabilities randomly. However, discussion experts indi-
cated vulnerabilities that they evaluate on a daily basis, and
where some particular metrics often lead to discussions with
colleagues. We call such vulnerabilities “widespread”, and
such metrics “problematic”. To determine which of these
vulnerabilities may be especially important, we analyzed the
Examples document, where CVSS assessments of specific
vulnerabilities are presented [9]. Furthermore, we also con-
sulted the 2022 CWE Top 25 list, where the currently most
common and impactful vulnerabilities are listed. To create
this ranking, MITRE analyzed public vulnerability data from
NVD and applied a scoring formula to create an order that
incorporated both frequency and severity of vulnerabilities
[25]. Later, to test whether the chosen vulnerabilities were
widespread in our sample, we asked participants in the main
study how often they rated vulnerabilities of this type in their
daily work (see Tab. 9). Finally, we included the 2022 CWE
Top 3 vulnerabilities, as well as some other vulnerabilities
that were considered important in the expert studies.
4. Research Questions
We present research questions that originated from the
expert discussion and were validated and adjusted using the
results of the preliminary expert survey.
4.1. Consistency of Evaluations of Problematic
Metrics for Widespread Vulnerability Types (RQ1)
As described in Sec. 3.3, we selected the metrics Attack
Vector, User Interaction and Scope for further investigation.
These metrics were described as problematic in expert stud-
ies for some common and impactful vulnerabilities. This led
to the following research question:
RQ1: Are metrics Attack Vector, User Interac-
tion and Scope inconsistently evaluated for some
widespread vulnerability types?
In the following, we present metrics and vulnerability
types that we investigate. Sec. 5 presents concrete vulner-
abiltites (Tab. 4) and explains how they were selected and
assigned to participants.
Attack Vector and Drive-by Download. When evaluating
the metric Attack Vector it is often unclear what value,
Network or Local, should be selected if the vulnerability
concerns Drive-by Download attacks 9. When downloaded,
the malicious code is usually locally saved on the PC,
9. Drive-by download vulnerabilities let a victim unknowingly download
malicious code and execute it.
therefore one can argue for A V:L. However, the code needs
to be accessed from the network, so one can argue for A V:N.
This issue is discussed in depth in User Guide [8, p. 10]
and in Examples [9, p. 37], which shows that this case is
important and difficult. The expert studies also showed that
rating A V:N or A V:L in this case is perceived as ambiguous.
These vulnerabilities are currently also most common and
impactful, as the most dangerous of them lead the 2022
CWE 25 list: CWE-787 Out-of-bounds Write.
Attack Vector and MITM. Choosing between A V:N and
A V:A when rating MITM (man-in-the-middle) vulnerabili-
ties is difficult according to discussion experts, which was
confirmed by the expert survey. A reason for A V:A could
be the assumption that MITM attacks can only be carried
out within the local broadcast domain, close to the target
system. CVSS documentation instructs to score A V:N, as the
attacker needs network level to access the communication
channel [9, p. 33].
User Interaction and XSS. In Reflected XSS (cross-site
scripting) vulnerabilities, the attacker needs to convince the
victim to click on a specific malicious link, which leads
to a website where malicious code is executed. In Stored
XSS vulnerabilities, the malicious code within a website is
executed every time a user visits this site. In this vulnera-
bility type, the attacker does not need to convince a victim
directly, as the malicious code is executed for every user who
visits the website. Therefore, one could argue to score UI:N.
However, Examples instruct to score UI:R, as “the victim
needs to navigate to a web page on the vulnerable server
[...].” [9, p. 25]. XSS vulnerabilities are Top 2 in the 2022
CWE Top 25 list. Thus, we investigate if the evaluation of
User Interaction is more consistent for Reflected XSS than
for Stored XSS.
Scope. In the expert survey the evaluations of Scope dif-
fered for most vulnerabilities, and 8 out of 18 participants
explicitly called the Scope metric difficult to evaluate. The
expert survey showed that Scope leads to inconsistencies
especially for XSS, SQL Injection and Drive-by Download,
which are Top 1-3 in the 2022 CWE Top 25 list. Therefore,
we focus on these vulnerabilities for Scope.
4.2. Suitability of Security Deficiencies (RQ2)
Another possible problem identified by the expert studies
concerns security deficiencies. These can facilitate an attack
in combination with a vulnerability, but do not lead to a
successful attack per se, whereas a vulnerability “could be
accidentally or intentionally exploited to damage assets.”
[26, p. 24]. If no damage occurs, CVSS severity should
be rated as None [5, p. 9]. Yet, the discussion experts stated
that in practice, security deficiencies are usually assigned
CVSS scores of a very broad severity range. This led to the
following research question:
RQ2: Are security deficiencies considered suit-
able for CVSSv3.1 assessment by CVSS users?
Following the discussion with experts, we analyze two se-
curity deficiencies:
(1) Missing HTTPOnly Flag is a missing protection
mechanism intended to make exploitation of XSS vulner-
abilities more difficult. While enabling this flag can be
beneficial, its absence does not mean that an application
is vulnerable to XSS attacks. Yet, NVD contains several
entries of this type [27], [28], and discussion experts stated
that they often rate them.
(2) Banner Disclosure means disclosing information on
use of a particular web server and its version in HTTP
responses [29], [30]. This disclosure makes it easier for an
attacker to search for known vulnerabilities in the product,
although the disclosure alone will not cause any damage.
Our goal is to investigate whether these vulnerability
types are more likely to be rated with severity None than
other vulnerabilities, and to gather opinion of CVSS users
on these issues. Because of this, we do not focus on specific
metrics here, but on the severity of scoring.
4.3. Relation to Personal Factors (RQ3)
Allodi et al. [3] found that with increasing years of work
experience, accuracy of evaluations also increases. Thus,
personal factors such as work experience might affect the
consistency of ratings, which led us to the following research
question.
RQ3: Are personal factors associated with the
individual differences in CVSSv3.1 evaluations?
We determined possible factors from related work,
CVSS documentation and the expert discussion. In line with
Allodi et al. we analyzed whether work experience and
experience with CVSS has an influence on scoring. As the
CVSS documentation describes the correct usage of CVSS,
we assume that knowledge and frequency of consulting
these documents is related to consistency of evaluations. The
discussion experts reported different working routines, e.g.,
which tools are used or how many evaluators participate
in one CVSS assessment. Therefore, we tested whether
differing procedures of CVSS evaluations may influence
consistency of evaluations. The discussion experts also rea-
soned that the evaluators’ attitude to CVSS (e.g., is it useful
and easy to use?) may influence their evaluations.
4.4. Attitudes to CVSS (RQ4)
Attitudes to CVSS have not been investigated so far. As
the system received a lot of critique over the years (Sec. 2.2),
it seems to be important to know how it is perceived by its
users. For example, whether it is seen more as a useful tool
or as a burden and cause for discussions when evaluating
vulnerabilities. This led to the following research question:
RQ4: What is the attitude of evaluators towards
CVSSv3.1?
In the survey, we collected participants’ ratings of specific
statements, such as whether CVSS is a useful or whether
scores by different users often differ. Participants were also
asked to share their thoughts about CVSS as free text.
4.5. Consistency of Evaluations Over Time (RQ5)
During the expert discussion, one participant mentioned
a case where they re-evaluated the same vulnerability after
some time, without any additional information added be-
tween the two evaluations. The resulting scores differed,
which led to a discussion of consistency of participants’
own evaluations over time. Generally, they assumed that
they would not evaluate consistently, which led us to the
following research question.
RQ5: Are CVSSv3.1 evaluations of the same
evaluator consistent over time?
To answer RQ5, we conducted a follow-up study nine
months after the main study in which participants reassessed
vulnerabilities from the main study.
5. Study Design and Data Analysis
Selection of Vulnerabilities and Group Assignment.
According to RQ1 (Sec. 4.1) and RQ2 (Sec. 4.2), and to
keep the number of rated vulnerabilities low, we needed to
select vulnerabilities of the following types:
• Two Drive-by Downloads of the CWE-787 (Out-of-
bounds Write) type, one with A V:N, and one with A V:L
• One Reflected XSS and one Stored XSS vulnerability
concerning the same software (to be comparable)
• One MITM vulnerability
• One SQL Injection vulnerability
• One Banner Disclosure and one Missing HTTPOnly
Flag security deficiency
The choice was first made by three researchers inde-
pendently, then the resulting vulnerabilities were discussed
and selected. CVSS 3.1 Examples document contains two
well described Drive-by-Download vulnerabilities [9, p. 26
and p. 36], and other vulnerabilities were selected directly
from NVD. To keep the number of CVSS assessments per
participant feasible, the eight selected vulnerabilities were
divided into two groups (Tab. 4). We assigned vulnerabilities
of the same type to the same group, which results in both
XSS vulnerabilities being in Group 1 and both Drive-by
Download vulnerabilities in Group 2. Each participant also
evaluated one security deficiency. Full descriptions of the
vulnerabilities are stated in Appendix B.
Questionnaire Setup. The structure of the questionnaire is
depicted in Fig. 2. The full questionnaire is presented in
Appendix D. Participants first provided informed consent
and were asked whether they are currently assessing vul-
nerabilities using CVSS, as our study targeted only those
participants. Eligible participants were first asked about their
work experience: their position, years in their current job,
years of working with CVSS and areas of expertise, and then
self-assessed their CVSS expertise. Next questions were
concerned with daily work using CVSS, such as: which tools
and documents are used, how CVSS is used for vulnerability
management, how many persons are usually involved in a
CVSS assessment, and how long one evaluation takes on
average. Next, participants were asked to assess their knowl-
edge of Specification [5], User Guide [8] and Examples [9],
and when they have last consulted these.
Then each participant was randomly assigned to one of
the two groups in Tab. 4 and received the corresponding four
vulnerabilities in randomized order. After each assessment,
the participants indicated on a 5-point Likert scale their
scoring confidence, knowledge of the software, clarity of
the description, suitability of the vulnerability for CVSS
assessment and whether they often rate similar vulnerabili-
ties in their daily work. The participants were also asked to
state their assumptions for the assessment and any additional
comments as free text.
After the CVSS assessment, we asked the participants
how they would evaluate some specific cases from CVSS
documentation (Appendix D.6). In this way, we measured
how closely they adhere to the documentation. Next, we
measured participants’ attitudes to CVSS, such as whether
CVSS is considered useful and low-effort. The survey con-
cluded with demographic questions. The questionnaire con-
tained three attention checks. Participants who failed two or
more of them were excluded from the analysis.
The survey was tested by 10 CVSS evaluators. This did
not result in any questions or changes to the content.
Ethics and Recruitment. The study was approved by the
data protection office of the Friedrich-Alexander-Universität
Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU). The participation was voluntary
and could be aborted anytime without consequences. The
participants were not compensated. They provided informed
consent, and for demographics a “Prefer not to say” option
was pre-selected for each question. For recruitment, we
advertised the study on the web page of the IT Security
Infrastructures Lab of the FAU and through private contacts.
We also used mailing lists SecurityMetrics and FullDisclo-
sure and posted invitations in various Reddit areas connected
to vulnerability assessment. Two articles about CVSS on
Heise.de [31] and The Register [32] also advertised the
survey. Additionally, we asked every participant to forward
the invitation link to other suitable people. The survey was
conducted in winter 2020/21. Participation in the study took
an average of 30 minutes.
Quantitative Data Analysis. Analyses were performed us-
ing Stata SE 14.2 assuming a significance level of p <0.05.
When presenting regressions, t-statistics for each effect are
displayed in parentheses; significance levels are showed by
superscripts: ∗p <0.05,∗∗p <0.01, ∗∗∗p <0.001.
Ground truth for evaluations was created by consider-
ing similar vulnerabilities in CVSS Examples [9]. Eval-
uations of the security deficiencies were not considered,
since we only consider whether they are more frequently
rated as None severity than other vulnerabilities (Sec. 4.2).
A post-hoc comparison of the average number of correct
responses per group showed that they differ slightly (Group
1: σ =2.7, µ=1.3; Group 2: σ =3.2, µ=1.1)10 but signif-
icantly (ANOV A:F(1, 194) = 6.09, p< 0.05, R2 = 0.03),
10. σ = mean, µ = standard deviation
Figure 2. Structure of the main study.
Vulnerability CVE Metric:GT
Group 1: n =97
Reflected XSS CVE-2019-20512 [36] UI:R, S:C
Stored XSS CVE-2020-13145 [37] UI:R, S:C
SQL Injection CVE-2020-3184 [38] S:U
Banner Disclosure CVE-2020-3193 [30] –
Group 2: n =99
Adobe Acrobat CVE-2009-0658 [9, p. 26] A V:L, S:U
Google Chrome CVE-2016-1645 [9, p. 36] A V:N, S:U
MITM MyPalette CVE-2020-5523 [39] A V:N
HTTPOnly CVE-2020-27658 [27] –
TABLE 4. G ROUPS OF VULNERABILITIES FOR THE MAIN STUDY . EACH
PARTICIPANT WAS RANDOMLY ASSIGNED TO EVALUATE
VULNERABILITIES FROM ONE OF THE GROUPS , PRESENTED IN
RANDOMIZED ORDER . GT = G ROUND TRUTH (CORRECT VALUE OF THE
METRIC ). F OR SECURITY DEFICIENCIES (BANNER DISCLOSURE AND
HTTPO NLY), WE DID NOT CONSIDER “CORRECTNESS ” OF RATINGS
(SEE SEC. 4.2).
meaning that tasks in Group 1 were more difficult than
tasks in Group 2. We decided to treat this difference as a
measurement error, as our research questions do not consider
task difficulty as factor. To control for this difference, a
standardization by group mean was performed [33, p. 101]:
each measurement ( xi) was compared with the group mean
(x) and divided by the standard deviation of the variable (s):
zi = (xi−x)
s . This transformation resulted in a continuous
dependent variable with a minimum of -2.1 and a maximum
of 1.7, such that linear regression was applied. A comparison
after standardization showed, as expected, no statistically
significant difference between the groups.
We used an exploratory approach to data analysis [34].
The first step was to check for each variable of interest
whether there was a relationship with the dependent variable
using stepwise regression models [35]. Then, all variables
for which there was a significant correlation were selected
for the final regression analysis, and supplemented by other
variables that the researchers considered to be of particular
interest, even if no significant correlation was found for
them. The advantage of using multiple regression is that the
influence of one independent variable can be shown while
controlling for each of the other variables.
To measure the level of agreement between participants,
we use Finn’s coefficient [40], [41]. We used the following
classification levels: very poor, for values between 0.00 and
0.20; poor (between 0.21 and 0.40); fair (between 0.41 and
0.60); moderate (between 0.61 and 0.80); and substantial
(between 0.81 and 1.00) agreement.
Qualitative Data Analysis. There were two kinds of free-
text answers: First, the participants could annotate difficul-
ties or assumptions after each assessed vulnerability, and
second, at the end of the survey they could share additional
thoughts on CVSS. For the 311 answers concerning vulner-
abilities, we performed intercoder agreement using Cohen’s
Kappa κ [42], as these comments had the potential for
ambiguous interpretation [43]. One researcher first read all
comments and identified the first set of codes. These codes
were discussed with a second resarcher and converted into
a codebook that was used by both researchers for the initial
coding of 40 answers (5 for each of the eight vulnerabil-
ities). They then discussed the disagreements, adjusted the
codebook and subsequently coded all answers. For 11 out of
21 codes the agreement was substantial (κ >0.75), and for 7
it was moderate (κ >0.4). The remaining 3 codes were used
as a catch-all category for unclear statements and contained
13 entries. Finally, all disagreements were discussed, and
full agreement could be reached.
The 55 additional comments on CVSS were analyzed
without an intercoder agreement. Here we leaned on Mc-
Donald et al’s exclusion criterion, “when coding requires
little interpretation” [43, p. 72:3]. Two researchers first read
all comments and identified codes that were discussed to
create a codebook. Then this codebook was used by one
researcher to code all comments, which was in turn subse-
quently reviewed by another researcher. As no ambiguities
or disagreements emerged when the two researchers dis-
cussed selected codes, we deem McDonald et al’s criterion
fulfilled. After the coding, both researchers summarized the
free-text answers for each code independently. These sum-
maries were discussed and converted into a single summary.
Participants. In total 207 people completed the main survey.
Ten were excluded because they did not pass the attention
tests, and one was under 18, which leaves 196 valid an-
swers. Tab. 5 presents participants’ demographics. Nearly
all identified as male, 7 as female and one as diverse. On
average, the participants were 38 years old, the youngest
was 19, and the eldest 63. The majority were from Europe
(mostly Germany and the UK) and the USA. Most had a
Masters’s or a Bachelor’s degree and were working as an
employee or civil servant. A third of the participants were
employed at companies with 10,000 or more employees,
and a third were working at companies with less than 500
employees. As the economic sector of their organization,
45% indicated information and communication, around 10%
provided the sector for professional, scientific and technical
N %
Total 196 100,0
Male 170 86.7
Female 7 3.6
Diverse 1 0.5
N/A 18 9.2
18-29 years 30 15.3
30-49 years 110 56.1
50-60 years 19 9.7
Above 60 years 4 2.0
N/A 33 16.8
Germany 48 24.5
United Kingdom 25 12.8
Other European country 46 23.5
USA 38 19.4
Asia 6 3.1
Other country 6 3.1
N/A 27 13.8
No academic education 17 8.7
Bachelor’s degree 73 37.2
Master’s degree 85 43.4
Ph.D. 6 3.1
Other 7 3.6
N/A 8 4.1
Employee, civil servant 165 64.2
Self-employed, freelancer 12 6.1
Student 1 0.5
Other 9 4.6
N/A 9 4.6
1-3 years using CVSS 56 28.6
4-6 years using CVSS 65 33.2
7-10 years using CVSS 50 25.5
More than 10 years using CVSS 25 12.8
None or basic CVSSv3.1 expertise 39 19.9
Intermediate CVSSv3.1 expertise 60 30.6
Advanced or expert CVSSv3.1 expertise 97 49.5
TABLE 5. O VERVIEW OF THE PARTICIPANTS ’ DEMOGRAPHICS , CVSS
EXPERIENCE AND SELF -ASSESSED CVSS EXPERTISE .
activities, and manufacturing was also indicated by 10%.
Most participants self-assess their expertise in CVSSv3.1 at
intermediate or advanced level. On average, they have been
assessing vulnerabilities using CVSS for 6.5 years.
6. Results
Our approach was to investigate the consistency of eval-
uations of problematic metrics for widespread vulnerabili-
ties. Most participants agreed that the descriptions of the
vulnerabilities were clear and understandable, and that they
often rate similar vulnerabilities in their daily work (Tab. 9
in Appendix A).
6.1. Evaluation Consistency (RQ1)
A V & Drive-by Download. For Google Chrome, around
70% of the participants chose A V:N, whereas 30% chose
A V:L (Fig. 3). Finn’s coefficient is 0.33 (F(Inf, 98) =
1.49, p = 0.0049), indicating poor agreement. P101 sum-
marized their considerations: “I think the attack vector in
CVSS is unsuitable for this kind of vulnerability. Is this
network since it is delivered through the network [...]? Or
Figure 3. Evaluations of the Attack Vector and User Interaction metric.
Figure 4. Evaluations of the Scope metric.
local since Chrome obviously doesn’t open a network port
that is attacked here”. Choosing A V:N matches the official
guidelines for CVSS [9, p. 37].
For Adobe Acrobat, around 60% of the participants
chose A V:L, whereas 40% chose A V:N. Finn’s coefficient
indicates poor agreement: 0.21 (F(Inf, 98) = 1.26, p =
0.0647). Free-text comments provide insight into this dif-
ference: “[The PDF] comes from the network, ”P112 stated,
whereas P182 justified: “[...] the user gets the document
via e.g. email [...], but not counting this as an AV:N, as
this is not tied to the network stack directly”. According to
Examples, the vulnerability should be scored with A V:L, as
this vulnerability is “a flaw in the local document software
that is triggered by opening a malformed document,” [9, p.
27]. However, Examples also recommends to chose A V:N if
the victim could load the file either via network or from
local media. Additionally, User Guide instructs to “rate
vulnerabilities where the malicious data is received over
a network by one component, then passed to a separate
component with a vulnerability” [8, p. 16] as A V:L. Thus,
the guidance is spread across different documents and might
be unclear.
A V & MITM. Approximately 60% of the participants
chose A V:N, whereas nearly 30% chose A V:A (Fig. 3).
For example, P152 explained that a MITM attack is “[...]
most likely to occur on an adjacent network [...] rather
than across the internet” . However, the MITM vulnera-
bility could also be exploited across the network, which
makes scoring A V:N also appropriate. Finn’s coefficient is
0.746 (F(Inf, 98) = 3.93, p = 4.17e−15). Although the
distribution of the ratings here is similar to the Drive-
by Download vulnerabilities, Finn’s coefficient indicates
moderate agreement, whereas it indicated poor agreement
for Drive-by Downloads. This difference is due to the fact
that the Finn’s coefficient should be calculated on an “equal
appearing interval scale” [40, p. 76]. Since A V:N and A V:A
follow each other and A V:N and A V:L have a rating “in
between” (A V:A), the Finn’s coefficient calculates a higher
agreement value. Thus, there are noticeable inconsistencies
in evaluating A V for MITM vulnerability types, and it seems
that scoring of A V:A versus A V:N needs further clarification.
UI & XSS. For Reflected XSS, 76% of the participants
chose UI:R. Finn’s coefficient is 0.247 (F(Inf, 96) =
1.33, p = 0.0335), which indicates a poor agreement.
However, for Stored XSS, only 58% of the participants
chose UI:R (see Fig. 3). Finn’s agreement coefficient is
0.0206 (F(Inf, 96) = 1.02, p = 0.462), which indicates
that there is almost no agreement, and the ratings are largely
inconsistent. In the free-text answers, the participants argued
for both cases, UI:R and UI:N for Stored XSS. P76 sum-
marized: “UI:R vs. UI:N is often debated for Stored XSS.
At the moment I’m in the UI:R camp because I consider the
victim’s visit the affected page as already a User Interac-
tion”. Compared to Stored XSS, evaluating Reflected XSS
seems to be much clearer. The reason behind this might
be that for Reflected XSS the common knowledge is that
the victim needs to click on a link to trigger the malicious
code. However, for Stored XSS the victim also “needs to
navigate to a web page on the vulnerable server [...],” [9,
p. 25], which indicates UI:R. Thus, a guideline exists, but
seems to be unknown. We used a proportion test to analyze
whether User Interaction is more consistent for Reflected
XSS than for Stored XSS. The difference is significant
(z = 19.850; p < 0.05) with Cohen’s h = 0.35 (medium
effect size) [44].
Scope. Each of the vulnerabilities for Scope was evaluated
nearly with the same relation: around 60% of the participants
chose S:U, whereas 40% chose S:C (Fig. 4). All Finn’s
coefficients were far below 0.2, which indicates a very poor
agreement: 0.0369 (F(Inf, 96) = 1.04, p = 0.416) for
Reflected XSS, 0.0369 (F(Inf, 96) =1.04, p=0.416) for
Stored XSS, 0.0799 (F(Inf, 96) = 1.09, p = 0.301) for
SQL Injection, 0.0353 (F(Inf, 98) = 1.04, p = 0.42) for
Adobe Acrobat and 0.0542 (F(Inf, 98) =1.06, p=0.367)
for Google Chrome. The free-text answers clarify this phe-
nomenon: “I have never evaluated something with a scope
change since S:C seems almost unachievable, ” P135 stated.
The participants described Scope as unclear, confusing and
hard to understand. P189 summarized: “Scope: If you ask 10
people for their opinion you get 10 coin tosses. [...] I spent
some time trying to understand it before CVSS3.1 came
out from docs, examples, and conversations with others
but never understood it fully” . The documentation provides
guidance and examples for the Scope metric [8, p. 11], but
they seem to be incomprehensible.
 0
 20
 40
 60
 80
 100
StorXSSReﬂXSSSQLI BannerDisclAdobeChromeMITMHTTPOnly
Group 1, N = 97 Group 2, N = 99
% of participants
None
Low
Medium
High
Critical
Figure 5. RQ2: Severity distributions of the vulnerabilities. Security defi-
ciencies Banner Disclosure and HTTPOnly are more frequently rated with
None than other vulnerabilities.
6.2. Security Deficiencies (RQ2)
Fig. 5 provide an overview of the severity distributions
for rated vulnerabilities. Banner Disclosure was mostly eval-
uated with Medium severity, but has the highest percentage
of None ratings (9.2% evaluations). Severity of HTTPOnly
varied the most compared to the other vulnerabilities, where
7.1% of participants assigned None severity. Considering
that of the remaining vulnerabilities, three were not assigned
None severity at all, and the percentage of None scores
for the others is between 1% and 3%, Banner Disclosure
and HTTPOnly stand out. Additionally, several participants
commented that they do not consider them as vulnerabil-
ities, e.g.: “It’s not a vulnerability [...], rather a missing
mitigation and ignores best practices. CVSS 0 is appropri-
ate” (P100). Other participants found the resulting scores
too high: “I think it’s difficult to evaluate because server
informations aren’t pretty sensitive informations [...] In my
oppionin [sic] the only vulnerably point is confidentiality.
To mark confidentiality with none would be result in a
score of 0. This wouldn’t be representing the severity of this
vulnerabilty [sic], ”(P91). P73 adjusted metric values until
the resulting score seemed intuitively appropriate: “This cal-
culation is forced to have Low score by arbitrarily selecting
Physical attack vector [...]” . This shows that there is a
need for the CVSS documentation to specify how security
deficiencies should be handled.
6.3. Relation to Personal Factors (RQ3)
We first describe experience and working context of our
sample, for the first time shedding light on everyday CVSS
usage. Further we present a regression analysis of how these
factors are associated with the correctness of ratings.
Experience and Documentation Knowledge. On average,
the participants have worked in IT security for 12 years
and in their current position for 6 years. They have as-
sessed vulnerabilities using CVSS for 6.5 years on average.
Approximately 60% of participants see themselves on ad-
vanced or expert level in at least one of the following areas:
Figure 6. Knowledge of CVSSv3.1 documentation and how recently the
documents were consulted (N = 196).
network, web application or system software security. Most
participants self-assess their expertise in CVSSv3.1 and v3.0
at intermediate or advanced level, whereas the expertise in
CVSSv2 is mostly on basic to intermediate level. FIRST
offers online courses to get familiar with CVSS. Out of
196 participants, 11 attended the CVSSv3.1 and 13 the
CVSSv3.0 FIRST course. Over half of the participants
declared their knowledge of the CVSSv3.1 documentation at
none or basic level, whereas only 20% indicated advanced
or expert level (Fig. 6). Correspondingly, over 30% never
consulted the documentation, and around 50% last consulted
it years or months ago.
Question: The metric Availability reflects the availability of ...
Answers n
... performance and operation of the impacted component. 74
... data used by the impacted component. 0
... data, performance and operation of the impacted component. 112
... Other, please indicate: (text box) 6
... I don’t understand this question. 4
TABLE 6. E XAMPLE OF A QUESTION CONCERNING A SPECIFIC CASE IN
CVSS DOCUMENTATION (N = 196). T HE FIRST ANSWER IS CORRECT
ACCORDING TO DOCUMENTATION .
Working Context. Often there is no single default version
for CVSS at work, but rather two or more, depending
on the request of the customer. Most participants (60%)
use CVSSv3.1 for daily assessments, CVSSv3.0 is used
by 38% and CVSSv2.0 by 13%. Furthermore, 73% assess
vulnerabilities using CVSS for their own organization, and
60% evaluate scores for customers. The median time for a
CVSS assessment is 5 minutes and the median number of
CVSS assessments per week is 10. Base Scores of 55% of
the participants are always or often reviewed by cowork-
ers. Only 6% indicated that their Base Scores are never
reviewed. On average, 10 evaluators are usually involved
in a CVSS assessment. During the evaluation process, 77%
of the participants use an online calculator, and 44% use
internal company-specific documents and software. Official
CVSS documentation is used by approximately 25%. If an
uncertainty occurs while evaluating, most of the participants
usually consult a coworker; half of the participants do
internet research or look for ratings of similar issues.
A substantial 83% of participants use CVSS for de-
termining vulnerability severity, while 56% utilize CVSS
within their risk assessment procedures. 59% declare to use
CVSS for vulnerability prioritisation. Although our survey
design doesn’t allow us to determine whether CVSS is the
primary factor in prioritisation decisions, the high prevalence
of CVSS use across these facets underscores its fundamental
role in vulnerability management strategies.
Besides the Base Score, there are also two optional
scores: the Environmental and the Temporal Scores, which
can be used to consider additional factors, e.g., if patches
are available. The optional scores are only used by 55% of
the participants at work, whereas 70% would like to adapt
the Base Scores with at least one optional score. Using only
the Base Score for vulnerability prioritization could lead to
misallocated resources to mitigate supposedly high-severity
vulnerabilities. Most participants are aware of this problem,
but the usage of the optional scores is determined by work.
While analyzing CVSS documentation, we noticed that
evaluators who are not familiar with these documents might
choose different metric values than evaluators with de-
tailed knowledge. We transferred seven of these cases into
single-choice questions (Sec. D.6) with one “correct” an-
swer according to CVSS documentation. In this way we
could investigate whether evaluators who provide “correct”
answers have better performance. For example, “[...] the
Availability metric speaks to the performance and operation
of the service itself – not the availability of the data” [8,
p. 9]. This case leads to the question presented in Tab. 6.
Most participants (112 out of 196, 57%) take data into
account when evaluating the Availability metric, whereas 74
participants (38%) only consider performance and operation
of the service, which is the “correct” answer.
Regression Analysis of Personal Factors. The number
of years working with CVSS did not affect performance,
nor did self-rated knowledge of CVSS documents (Tab. 7).
Usage of the online calculator and internal company doc-
uments during the assessments has no influence, whereas
usage of CVSS documentation led to a better performance.
The most important factor is the number of correct answers
to the seven cases from CVSS documentation. There is slight
evidence that people who rated themselves as intermediate
in their knowledge of CVSS performed better than those
who rated themselves as having basic or no knowledge.
However, this effect is not significant. The attendance of
FIRST training courses and opinion on CVSS usage have
no effect. Respondents that think that the BaseScore should
be used without adaption have better results than those who
think that adaptions should be used. R2 is 0.118 which
means that almost 12% of variance in the dependent variable
can be explained by the explanatory model, which can be
interpreted as low explanatory power [44].
6.4. Attitudes towards CVSS (RQ4)
Attitudes towards CVSS signaled that it is both prob-
lematic and useful. This split can be discerned in results of
 0
 20
 40
 60
 80
 100
UsefulHelpfulI'm conﬁdentLike usingLow eﬀortLittle timeFuture useEasy calc. DissatisﬁedHard to learnInconsistentScores diﬀerUseless
Positive Statements Negative Statements
% of participants
Strongly disagree
Disagree
Neither agree nor disagree
Agree
Strongly agree
Figure 7. Ratings of usability statements (N = 196); full statements are presented in Tab. 11 in Appendix C
Factor Std. score
Years working with CVSS 0.0133
(0.71)
Self-assessed knowledge of CVSS documents -0.0907
(-1.00)
Using onlince caluclator during CVSS assess- 0.106
ment (Ref. Not selected) (0.59)
Using CVSS documents during CVSS assess- 0.423∗
ment (Ref. Not selected) (2.42)
Using internal company documents during -0.0157
CVSS assessment (Ref. Not selected) (-0.10)
Correct answers to CVSS documentation cases 1.163∗∗
(3.06)
Self-assessed expertise in CVSSv3.1
(Ref. Low expertise)
Intermediate 0.366+
(1.76)
Expert 0.349
(1.54)
Attended FIRST training course -0.260
(Ref. Yes) (-0.84)
Opinion: CVSS should be used to assess sever- 0.0699
ity (Ref. Not selected) (0.49)
Opinion: Using Base Score with adaptation 0.369∗
(Ref. Without adaptation) (2.31)
Constant -0.973+
(-1.97)
Observations 196
R2 0.118
Adjusted R2 0.065
TABLE 7. L INEAR REGRESSION OF PERSONAL FACTORS WITH
STANDARDIZED SCORE AS DEPENDENT VARIABLE (SEC. 5)
the questionnaire and open feedback comments. As shown
in Fig. 7, three quarters agreed that CVSS is useful, while
almost two thirds felt confident using it. The assessment of
whether it required low effort was evenly split. Furthermore,
almost half of the respondents considered scores to be in-
consistent and an overwhelming majority agreed that scores
differ across different raters. These ratios suggest that users
are aware of problems associated with CVSS, but that these
do not outweigh its advantages. Over 70% clearly agreed to
use CVSS in the future.
Several respondents used free-text comments to relay
perceived advantages as well as discontent with CVSS.
Comments ranged from proclaiming CVSS “misleading”
(P19) and offering merely a “veneer of objectivity used
to justify whatever subjective opinion the scorer brings
with them” (P124) to thoughtful appreciation of its capa-
bilities and shortcomings. Respondents problematized the
subjective basis for evaluations, the pitfalls of generalization,
and the lack of applicability regarding particular kinds of
evaluation targets, such as hardware or medical devices.
CVSS acceptance and recognition in the industry was
considered a boon, but it could also lead to CVSS being
misused: “for certain vulnerability types, CVSS is a good
scoring system. However, there are so many aspects of
security that CVSS is not suitable for scoring, yet clients
still request CVSS to be used as it’s “known”, even where it
is not suitable” (P152). Some respondents saw advantages
of CVSS especially in the ability to clearly communicate
severity to customers, its usefulness when coupled with
other forms of evaluation, and in its ability to serve as a
tool of “rough guidance” (P186) for vulnerability prioritiza-
tion. One commenter clarified, “While I like CVSS for the
questions it asks, I dislike the scoring” (P179).
Another problem mentioned by the participants is the
NVD and the CVE reporting. Seen as main reference, the
NVD does not seem to follow the CVSS guidelines strictly,
which often leads to confusion, according to the participants.
Also, the provided vulnerability descriptions are often miss-
ing important information. One respondent stated that most
of the people who provide the score for the CVE reporting
lack understanding of some CVSS aspects and went on to
add, “This bad input data which is perpetuated by bad CVE
reporting is, to my mind, a far bigger risk to the quality,
reputation, and trustworthiness of CVSS” (P37).
The split assessment of CVSS as both problematic and
useful is encapsulated in this insightful comment, which
highlights it as the best available measure while clearly
gauging its shortcomings: “Internally we often have dis-
cussions about each issue and sometimes disagree on the
outcome. It’s usually an exercise of applying a score and
consulting the internal and external guides for “interpre-
Same Lower Higher
Vulnerability Severity Severity Severity
StorXSS (N = 32) 19 5 8
Banner Disclosure (N = 32) 21 5 6
Adobe Acrobat (N = 27) 15 6 6
HTTPOnly (N = 27) 12 8 7
TABLE 8. C OMPARISON OF EVALUATION SEVERITIES BETWEEN THE
MAIN SURVEY AND THE FOLLOW -UP SURVEY .
tation” of the issue. [ . . .] While it’s not perfect, I think
CVSS is the best measure we have as an industry for
communicating severity of issues. ” (P51).
6.5. Consistency of Evaluations over Time (RQ5)
In the follow-up survey, we investigated if a participant
chose the same CVSS evaluation for the same vulnerability
as in the main survey (RQ5). Each participant evaluated four
vulnerabilities: two that they evaluated in the main survey,
and two that were evaluated in the main survey by other
group but were new to them. The unfamiliar vulnerabilities
were added as distractors. We included Banner Disclosure
(evaluated by Group 1 in the main survey) and HTTPOnly
(evaluated by Group 2) into the follow-up survey to investi-
gate if security deficiencies are evaluated consistently over
time (see Sec. 3.1). For Group 1 we chose Stored XSS as
it was evaluated less consistently than Reflected XSS in the
main survey. We selected Adobe Acrobat for Group 2 as it
was evaluated less consistently than Google Chrome.
The follow-up survey was conducted in fall 2021, nine
months after the main survey. We contacted all participants
who agreed to be contacted for this purpose (115 out of 196),
and received 59 responses: 32 from Group 1 and 27 from
Group 2. Tab. 8 shows the comparison of the evaluations
by the same participant: For Group 1, approximately 35%
(Banner Disclosure) to 40% (Stored XSS) of the participants
scored a different severity. For Group 2, 45% (Adobe Ac-
robat) to 55% (HTTPOnly) of the participants evaluated the
severity different. This noteworthy amount of inconsistency
indicates that evaluations are not consistent over time.
7. Discussion
We found that evaluations are not consistent across
different evaluators, and are also not consistent over time
for the same evaluator. We found a low number of personal
factors related to individual (in)consistency, and the corre-
sponding regression model had a low explanatory power.
Especially years of experience, found by Allodi et al. [3]
to be related to the accuracy of evaluations, did not have
an effect in our study. It seems that inconsistency is more
closely related to the properties of CVSS, such as problem-
atic metrics and documentation, than to the personal factors
that we investigated. In the following, we present the main
areas in which we recommend CVSS improvements.
Steps towards Effective Vulnerability Management.
Our findings have important implications for vulnerability
management. We highlighted that a significant number of
participants incorporate CVSS in their risk management
processes and vulnerability prioritisation methods. Conse-
quently, these inconsistencies in CVSS scores can lead to
inaccurate resource allocation. This could result in critical
vulnerabilities being sidelined while less severe ones receive
undue attention. This discrepancy poses a serious challenge
to effective vulnerability management, potentially introduc-
ing risks that could escalate to tangible damages.
Our research also covered security deficiencies, weak-
nesses that are not vulnerabilities in the traditional sense
because they cannot be directly exploited. Despite their
indirect nature, these issues are often assessed using CVSS,
a practice that our study shows to be flawed. This ne-
cessitates that FIRST either elucidates clear guidelines on
how to handle these security deficiencies within the CVSS
framework or provides an explicit directive that such is-
sues are not suitable for CVSS assessment. In fact, the
current framework may lead to an over-prioritisation of these
second-level mitigations, potentially distracting from urgent
vulnerabilities. Given this widespread practice, there is an
urgent need for action to address this discrepancy.
Enhancing Accessibility of CVSS Documentation. Our
study also reveals that a significant proportion of evalua-
tors rarely consult the CVSS documentation, with around
30% of our sample reporting that they have never read it.
Notably, the accuracy of CVSS evaluations did not show a
direct correlation with self-reported familiarity with the doc-
umentation. However, evaluators who reported consulting
the documentation during their evaluations showed better
performance, suggesting that a solid understanding of the
documentation can improve the accuracy of CVSS ratings.
As we have not conducted an empirical study of the
reasons why users neglect the CVSS documentation, we
propose several hypotheses. One possible barrier could be
the dispersion of information across three documents: the
specification, the user guide and the examples. This may
discourage users from exploring the documentation, as they
may perceive extraction and synthesis of the essential con-
tent as too laborious.
Moreover, the widespread use of FIRST’s online CVSS
calculator by 77% of the participants offers another plau-
sible explanation. The calculator provides instant access to
tooltips that show brief explanations for each metric, which
may give users a sense of being adequately informed. This
might lead users to believe that delving into the docu-
mentation would not provide any further valuable insights.
We strongly recommend empirical investigation of these
proposed factors as part of future work to gain a more
accurate understanding of the issue.
In light of these findings, we recommend making the
CVSS documentation more accessible and intuitive to use.
The online calculator provides a unique opportunity for this
improvement. This tool, which currently provides excerpts
from the specification and brief explanations, could be fur-
ther optimised to provide evaluators with more compre-
hensive and contextually relevant guidance. This opens a
promising avenue for future research.
In addition, given that guidance on difficult rating cases
is currently spread across several documents, centralis-
ing this information would eliminate the need for time-
consuming cross-referencing, thereby making the evaluation
process more efficient and helping evaluators to apply CVSS
more consistently and accurately.
Refining Metrics. Our study results also indicate that spe-
cific metrics such as User Interaction, Attack Vector and
Scope require more precise definition and clearer guidance
for some widespread vulnerabilities. We suspect that similar
ambiguities may exist for other types of vulnerabilities and
other metrics, highlighting the need for further research.
In particular, the Scope metric presents a significant
challenge. We found that irrespective of the actual vul-
nerability type, a Changed Scope (S:C) was applied by
about one third of participants, while the remaining two
thirds consistently opted for an Unchanged Scope (S:U). The
recurring selection of an Unchanged Scope (S:U) by a con-
siderable number of participants appears to stem from their
challenges in interpreting the Scope metric, as evidenced
by their comments during our study. This strongly suggests
that the Scope metric requires a comprehensive reassessment
to improve its understandability and ensure its consistent
application across varying vulnerabilities.
Balancing the Value and Shortcomings of CVSS. Despite
the challenges identified with CVSS, our findings confirm
its value as an indispensable tool within the security com-
munity. Participants largely valued CVSS for its role as a
standardised mechanism for communicating the severity of
vulnerabilities to different stakeholders. They recognised its
limitations, but continued to use it, highlighting the lack of
better alternatives. To capture this sentiment, we cite P124:
“CVSS is like democracy: the worst system available, except
for all the other systems ever tried. ”. As we move forward,
it is clear that while CVSS has its problems, the focus
should be on refining and improving this system, rather
than discarding it altogether. This highlights the critical need
for continued research and iterative development to improve
the accuracy, consistency and usability of CVSS, ultimately
supporting more robust vulnerability management practices.
Limitations. This study, although carefully designed, has
several limitations. Thus, CVSS discussion experts and
survey experts contributed their subjective perceptions of
CVSS. With different experts, the focus and vulnerabilities
of our study might have been different. To mitigate this
limitation, we asked for each vulnerability if the participants
rate similar types of vulnerabilities in their daily work. As
most participants agreed (Tab. 9), we assume that selected
vulnerabilities are fairly common. Further, five of the se-
lected vulnerabilities are widespread and particularly critical
according to the 2022 CWE Top 25 list.
Vulnerability assessment process was limited compared
to real life, as evaluators usually possess in-depth knowledge
about the vulnerability. This might have influenced the con-
sistency of evaluations. As we only considered participants
who are currently using CVSS, all persons were excluded
who do not currently use CVSS – even those who are
familiar with CVSS but decided not to use it. Thus, the
participants might not represent the whole community of
vulnerability assessors. Demographics of the participants
had a low diversity, as most participants identified as male
and currently live in Germany or the USA. However, it is
unclear which demographic distribution should be targeted,
as there are no demographic statistics about regular CVSS
users. Possibly we did not find all significant effects due to
limitations regarding the sample size of 196 participants.
8. Conclusion
We investigated the consistency of CVSSv3.1 evalua-
tions focusing on specific metrics for widespread vulnera-
bilities. None of the considered cases were evaluated consis-
tently. However, we found only slight evidence that personal
factors influence the consistency of evaluations. The follow-
up study showed that evaluations of one evaluator are not
consistent over time. Still, most participants have a positive
attitude of CVSS, despite their awareness of its flaws.
In the future, a similar study design could be used
to investigate CVSS consistency for different vulnerability
types, e.g., in embedded systems. Additional influencing
factors, such as risk propensity, intuition or emotional state,
could be investigated. The research on the consistency of
metrics could also be expanded to the metrics which were
not covered by this study. The Environmental and Temporal
Scores could also be investigated.
Public Data Set. Together with this paper, we release a
public data set with questionnaires, descriptive results and
pseudonymized datasets from the main study and follow-up
study [6].
Acknowledgments. We thank FIRST for permission to use
the code of the CVSSv3.1 online calculator and Andreas
Hammer for embedding this code into LimeSurvey. We
thank the anonymous reviewers whose thorough comments
greatly improved this paper, as well as the anonymous
shepherd for guidance. We thank Thomas Schreck for sub-
stantial support with selection of vulnerabilities and defining
the ground truth, and Jonathan M. Spring for suggesting
important improvements of survey design. We thank Kilem
L. Gwet for suggesting Finn’s coefficient as the most ap-
propriate agreement indicator and Yury Zablotski for calcu-
lating it. This work was partially funded by the German
Federal Ministry of Education and Research under grant
16KIS1271K.
References
[1] R. Wang, L. Gao, Q. Sun, and D. Sun, “An improved CVSS-based
vulnerability scoring mechanism,” in 3rd International Conference on
Multimedia Information Networking and Security . IEEE Computer
Society, 2011, pp. 352–355.
[2] K. Scarfone and P. Mell, “An Analysis of CVSS Version 2 Vulnerabil-
ity Scoring,” in 3rd International Symposium on Empirical Software
Engineering and Measurement , 2009, pp. 516–525.
[3] L. Allodi, M. Cremonini, F. Massacci, and W. Shim, “Measuring
the accuracy of software vulnerability assessments: experiments with
students and professionals,” Empirical Software Engineering , pp.
1063–1094, 2020.
[4] H. Holm and K. K. Afridi, “An expert-based investigation of the
Common Vulnerability Scoring System,” Computer Security, vol. 53,
pp. 18–30, 2015.
[5] FIRST, Inc., “Common Vulnerability Scoring System v3.1:
Specification Document,” accessed in March 2020. [Online].
Available: https://www.first.org/cvss/v3.1/specification-document
[6] J. Wunder, A. Kurtz, C. Eichenmüller, F. Gassmann, and
Z. Benenson, “Study Dataset: Shedding Light on CVSS Scoring
Inconsistencies: A User- Centric Study on Evaluating Widespread
Security Vulnerabilities,” 2023. [Online]. Available: https://doi .org/
10.5281/zenodo.8163826
[7] FIRST, Inc., “CVSS Frequently Asked Questions,” accessed in
February 2020. [Online]. Available: https://www .first.org/cvss/v1/faq
[8] ——, “Common Vulnerability Scoring System v3.1: User Guide,”
accessed in March 2020. [Online]. Available: https://www .first.org/
cvss/v3.1/user-guide
[9] ——, “Common Vulnerability Scoring System version 3.1: Examples
- Revision 2,” accessed in July 2020. [Online]. Available:
https://www.first.org/cvss/examples
[10] L. Gallon, “Vulnerability discrimination Using CVSS framework,”
4th IFIP International Conference on New Technologies, Mobility
and Security, pp. 1–6, 2011.
[11] D. J. Klinedinst, “CVSS and the Internet of Things,” 2015, accessed
in March 2020. [Online]. Available: https://insights .sei.cmu.edu/cert/
2015/09/cvss-and-the-internet-of-things .html
[12] J. Spring, E. Hatleback, A. Householder, A. Manion, and D. Shick,
Towards Improving CVSS. Software Engineering Institute, Carnegie
Mellon University, 2018.
[13] D. Fall and Y . Kadobayashi, “The Common Vulnerability Scoring
System vs. Rock Star Vulnerabilities: Why the Discrepancy?” in
5th International Conference on Information Systems Security and
Privacy, 2019.
[14] J. M. Spring, E. Hatleback, A. Householder, A. Manion, and D. Shick,
“Time to Change the CVSS?” IEEE Security & Privacy , vol. 19, pp.
74–78, 2021.
[15] M. Lipp, M. Schwarz, D. Gruss, T. Prescher, W. Haas, A. Fogh,
J. Horn, S. Mangard, P. Kocher, D. Genkin, Y . Yarom, and M. Ham-
burg, “Meltdown: Reading Kernel Memory from User Space,” in 27th
USENIX Security Symposium , 2018.
[16] P. Kocher, J. Horn, A. Fogh, D. Genkin, D. Gruss, W. Haas, M. Ham-
burg, M. Lipp, S. Mangard, T. Prescher, M. Schwarz, and Y . Yarom,
“Spectre Attacks: Exploiting Speculative Execution,” in 40th IEEE
Symposium on Security and Privacy , 2019.
[17] P. Kuehn, M. Bayer, M. Wendelborn, and C. Reuter, “Ovana: An
approach to analyze and improve the information quality of vulner-
ability databases,” in 16th International Conference on Availability,
Reliability and Security . Association for Computing Machinery,
2021.
[18] A. Anwar, A. Abusnaina, S. Chen, F. Li, and D. Mohaisen, “Cleaning
the NVD: Comprehensive Quality Assessment, Improvements,
and Analyses,” arXiv, pp. 1–13, 2020. [Online]. Available:
https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.15074v1
[19] Y . Dong, W. Guo, Y . Chen, X. Xing, Y . Zhang, and G. Wang,
“Towards the Detection of Inconsistencies in Public Security Vul-
nerability Reports,” in USENIX Security, 2019, pp. 869–885.
[20] J. Spring, E. Hatleback, A. Householder, A. Manion, and D. Shick,
“Prioritizing Vulnerability Response: A Stakeholder-Specific Vulner-
ability Categorization (Version 1.1),” Workshop on the Economics of
Information Security, Dec. 2020.
[21] Z. Zeng, Z. Yang, D. Huang, and C.-J. Chung, “LICALITY - Likeli-
hood and Criticality: Vulnerability Risk Prioritization Through Log-
ical Reasoning and Deep Learning,” IEEE Transactions on Network
and Service Management , vol. 19, no. 2, pp. 1746–1760, 2022.
[22] A. A. Ganin, P. Quach, M. Panwar, Z. A. Collier, J. M. Keisler,
D. Marchese, and I. Linkov, “Multicriteria decision framework for cy-
bersecurity risk assessment and management,” Risk Analysis, vol. 40,
no. 1, pp. 183–199, 2020.
[23] H. Chen, R. Liu, N. Park, and V . Subrahmanian, “Using
twitter to predict when vulnerabilities will be exploited,” in
Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGKDD International Conference
on Knowledge Discovery . New York, NY , USA: Association for
Computing Machinery, 2019, p. 3143–3152. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1145/3292500.3330742
[24] K. Alperin, A. Wollaber, D. Ross, P. Trepagnier, and L. Leonard,
“Risk prioritization by leveraging latent vulnerability features in a
contested environment,” in Proceedings of the 12th ACM Workshop
on Artificial Intelligence and Security . New York, NY , USA:
Association for Computing Machinery, 2019, p. 49–57. [Online].
Available: https://doi.org/10.1145/3338501.3357365
[25] The MITRE Corporation, “2022 CWE Top 25 Most Dangerous
Software Weaknesses – Detailed Methodology,” accessed in April
2023. [Online]. Available: https://cwe .mitre.org/top25/archive/2022/
2022_cwe_top25_supplemental.html#methodDetails
[26] D. Gollmann, Computer Security - Third Edition . John Wiley and
Sons, 2011.
[27] NVD, “CVE-2020-27658 Detail,” accessed in December 2020.
[Online]. Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-27658
[28] ——, “CVE-2014-9635 Detail,” accessed in October 2020. [Online].
Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2014-9635
[29] ——, “CVE-2017-4013 Detail,” accessed in December 2020.
[Online]. Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2017-4013
[30] ——, “CVE-2020-3193 Detail,” accessed in December 2020.
[Online]. Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-3193
[31] A. Kurtz, “V on niedrig bis kritisch: Schwachstellenbew-
ertung mit CVSS,” 2021, accessed in January 2021.
[Online]. Available: https://www .heise.de/hintergrund/V on-niedrig-
bis-kritisch-Schwachstellenbewertung-mit-CVSS-5031983 .html
[32] G. Corfield, “How good are you at scoring security vulnerabilities,
really? Boffins seek infosec pros to take rating skill survey,”
2021, accessed in January 2021. [Online]. Available: https:
//www.theregister.com/2021/01/08/cvss_scoring_survey/
[33] M. Spiegel and L. J. Stephens, Schaum’s Outline of Statistics, Sixth
Edition. McGraw-Hill Education, 2018.
[34] J. W. Tukey, Exploratory Data Analysis . Addison-Wesley, 1977.
[35] J. D. Thayer, “Stepwise regression as an exploratory data analysis
procedure.” 2002.
[36] NVD, “CVE-2019-20512 Detail,” accessed in December 2020.
[Online]. Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2019-20512
[37] ——, “CVE-2020-13145 Detail,” accessed in December 2020.
[Online]. Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-13145
[38] ——, “CVE-2020-3184 Detail,” accessed in October 2020. [Online].
Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-3184
[39] ——, “CVE-2020-5523 Detail,” accessed in October 2020. [Online].
Available: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-5523
[40] R. H. Finn, “A Note on Estimating the Reliability of Categorical
Data,” Educational and Psychological Measurement , vol. 30, pp. 71
– 76, 1970.
[41] K. L. Gwet, Handbook of inter-rater reliability: The definitive guide
to measuring the extent of agreement among raters , ser. 5th Edition,
V olume II. AgreeStat Analytics, 2021.
[42] J. Cohen, “A Coefficient of Agreement for Nominal Scales,” Educa-
tional and Psychological Measurement , vol. 20, pp. 37 – 46, 1960.
[43] N. McDonald, S. Schoenebeck, and A. Forte, “Reliability and inter-
rater reliability in qualitative research: Norms and guidelines for
CSCW and HCI practice,” Proceedings of the ACM on Human-
Computer Interaction, vol. 3, pp. 1–23, 2019.
[44] J. Cohen, “Statistical power analysis for the behavioral sciences.”
Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, 1977.
Appendix A.
Clarity of Description and Rating of Similar
Vulnerabilities
Tab. 9 presents participants’ ratings of clarity of the
vulnerability descriptions and whether they often rate similar
vulnerabilities in their daily work.
Description understandable Rating similar vulns.
µ σ M µ σ M
Stored XSS 3.23 1.17 4 3.48 1.17 4
Reflected XSS 3.33 1.16 4 3.48 1.19 4
SQL Injection 3.93 0.86 4 3.73 1.06 4
Banner Disclosure 3.77 1.05 4 3.60 1.10 4
Adobe Acrobat 4.09 0.77 4 3.41 1.13 4
Google Chrome 3.92 0.82 4 3.40 1.07 4
MITM MyPalette 3.81 0.85 4 3.44 1.09 4
HTTPOnly 3.75 0.93 4 2.97 1.11 4
TABLE 9. PARTICIPANTS INDICATED ON A 5-POINT LIKERT SCALE (1 =
“STRONGLY DISAGREE ”, . . ., 5 = “S TRONGLY AGREE ”) THEIR
AGREEMENT OR DISAGREEMENT WITH THE STATEMENTS “THE
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY ISSUE IS CLEAR AND
UNDERSTANDABLE ” AND “ I OFTEN EVALUATE SECURITY ISSUES OF
THIS TYPE IN MY DAILY WORK ”. µ = MEAN , σ = STANDARD
DEVIATION , M = MEDIAN .
Appendix B.
Vulnerability Descriptions
The descriptions of the vulnerabilities of the main survey
are depicted in Tab. 10. Adjustments within the descriptions
are written in italics.
Appendix C.
Usability Statements
Usability statements for Fig. 7 are presented in Tab. 11.
Appendix D.
Questionnaire of the Main Survey
Questionnaire starts with a message informing the par-
ticipants about requirements for participation (currently as-
sessing vulnerabilities with CVSS), the purpose of the study,
followed by the participation consent.
D.1. Preselection Question
Are you currently assessing vulnerabilities using CVSS?
(Yes/No) (If ”No“ is selected, the survey ends with a short
explanation that we seek participants who currently assess
vulnerabilities using CVSS.)
D.2. Your work experience
• What is your current job title or position: (free text)
• Please estimate how many years you have been work-
ing in your current position.
• Please assess your expertise in the following areas:
(None, Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, Expert)
– System Software Security / Desktop Application
Software Security / Mobile Application Software
Security / Web Application Software Security /
Database Security / Embedded Systems Security /
Network Security / Product Security
• Please estimate how many years you have been work-
ing in the IT security sector.
• Please estimate how many years you have been work-
ing with CVSS.
• Please assess your knowledge of CVSS:
(None, Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, Expert)
– CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
• FIRST offers special courses to get familiar with
CVSS. Have you participated in the following FIRST
e-learning CVSS courses? (Yes/No)
– FIRST Mastering CVSS v3.1 / v3.0
D.3. CVSS at your work
• What are your default CVSS versions for daily tasks?
(multiple-choice)
– CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
– I don’t have a default CVSS version.
– I don’t use CVSS for my daily tasks.
• For whom do you assess vulnerabilities using CVSS?
(multiple-choice)
– For customers (e.g., for other companies)
– Internally (e.g., for your own company, for yourself)
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t assess vulnerabilites.
• How is CVSS used at your work? (multiple-choice)
– Prioritising vulnerabilities
– Assessing the severity of vulnerabilities
– Assessing the risk of vulnerabilities
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t know.
– We don’t use CVSS
• How is the CVSS Base Score used at your work
primarily?
– Without adaptation / adapted by the Environmental
Score / adapted by the Temporal Score / adapted by
the Environmental and Temporal Score.
Vulnerability Description, vector string and CVE
Reflected XSS Open edX in version Ironwood.1 is vulnerable to a reflected XSS attack. An unauthenticated attacker is able to manipulate the
HTTP URI parameter /support/certificates?course_id=.
NVD vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N, Score: 6.1, CVE-2019-20512 [36]
Stored XSS Studio in Open edX Ironwood 2.5 allows users to upload SVG files via the “Content>File Uploads” screen. These files can contain
JavaScript code and thus lead to Stored XSS.
NVD vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N, Score: 5.4, CVE-2020-13145 [37]
SQL Injection A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Prime Collaboration Provisioning Software allows an authenticated
attacker to conduct SQL injection attacks. The vulnerability exists because the web-based management interface improperly validates
user input for specific SQL queries. An attacker can exploit this vulnerability by authenticating to the application with valid
administrative credentials and sending malicious requests to an affected system. A successful exploit allows the attacker to view
information that they are not authorized to view, make changes to the system that they are not authorized to make, or delete
information from the database that they are not authorized to delete.
NVD vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H, Score: 7.2, CVE-2020-3184 [38]
Banner
Disclosure
A vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco Prime Collaboration Provisioning allows an unauthenticated attacker
to obtain sensitive information about an affected device. The vulnerability exists because replies from the web-based management
interface include unnecessary server information. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by inspecting replies received from the
web-based management interface. A successful exploit allows the attacker to obtain details about the operating system, including
the web server version that is running on the device, which could be used to perform further attacks.
NVD vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N, Score: 5.3, CVE-2020-3193 [30]
Adobe Acrobat
Buffer
Overflow
Adobe Acrobat and Reader version 9.0 and earlier are vulnerable to a buffer overflow, caused by improper bounds checking when
parsing a malformed JBIG2 image stream embedded within a crafted PDF document. The attacker can overflow a buffer and execute
arbitrary code on the system with the privileges of the user or cause the application to crash.
Examples vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H, Score: 7.8, CVE-2009-0658 [9, p. 26]
Google
Chrome
PDFium JPEG
This vulnerability allows attackers to execute arbitrary code on vulnerable installations of Google Chrome. The specific flaw exists
within the handling of JPEG 2000 images. A specially crafted JPEG 2000 image embedded inside a PDF cain preliminary surveyn
force Google Chrome to write memory past the end of an allocated object. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to execute
arbitrary code under the context of the current process.
Examples vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H, Score: 8.8, CVE-2016-1645 [9, p. 36]
MITM
MyPalette
Android App ’MyPallete’ and some of the Android banking applications based on ’MyPallete’ do not verify X.509 certificates from
servers, which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers and obtain sensitive information via a crafted certificate.
NVD vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N, Score: 7.4, CVE-2020-5523 [39]
HTTPOnly Synology Router Manager (SRM) before 1.2.4-8081 does not include the HTTPOnly flag in a Set-Cookie header for the session
cookie, which makes it easier for attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information via script access to this cookie.
NVD vector string: CVSS:3.1/A V:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:C/C:L/I:L/A:N, Score: 6.1, CVE-2020-27658 [27]
TABLE 10. V ULNERABILITY DESCRIPTIONS OF THE MAIN SURVEY . ADJUSTMENTS WITHIN THE DESCRIPTIONS ARE WRITTEN IN ITALICS .
Label Statement
Useful CVSS is useful for vulnerability management.
Helpful CVSS is helpful for assessing vulnerabilities.
I’m confident I feel confident using CVSS.
Like using I like using CVSS.
Low effort CVSS evaluations require low effort.
Little time CVSS evaluations take little time.
Future use Personally, I would like to use CVSS in the future.
Easy calc. CVSS scores are easy to calculate after
understanding the vulnerabilities.
Dissatisfied I feel dissatisfied with CVSS.
Hard to learn CVSS is hard to learn.
Inconsistency There is too much inconsistency in CVSS.
Scores differ CVSS scores differ depending on who calculates.
Useless CVSS scores are useless.
TABLE 11. R ATED USABILITY STATEMENTS FOR FIG. 7
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t know.
– We don’t use the Base Score.
• What documents or tools are you using during a CVSS
assessment? (multiple-choice)
– Online-Calculator (e.g., FIRST’s CVSS-Calculator)
– CVSS Specification / User Guide / Examples
– Internal company specific documents and software
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– Nothing
• Please estimate your average time (in minutes) spent
per security issue while evaluating using CVSS.
• Please estimate the number of security issues you are
evaluating using CVSS on average per week.
• How many persons (including yourself) are usually
involved in an evaluation using CVSS at your work?
• If you are unsure about a CVSS assessment, what or
whom do you consult? (multiple-choice)
– CVSS Specification / User Guide / Examples
– Internet research (e.g., Google, Stack Overflow)
– This is an attention test. Please check this item
additionally to any other items that you checked here.
– Ratings of the same issue by other parties
– Ratings of similar issues
– Ask coworkers
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t consult anybody or anything.
• Are Base Scores that you calculated reviewed or veri-
fied by coworkers or other people?
– Always / Often / Occasionally / Rarely / Never /
Don’t know
D.4. FIRST’s official documents of CVSS
• Please assess your knowledge of FIRST’s official doc-
uments of CVSS:
(None, Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, Expert)
– Specification CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
– User Guide CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
– Examples CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
• Please indicate when you have last consulted FIRST’s
official documents:
(Never, More than a year ago, A few months ago, A
few weeks ago, A few days ago or today)
– Specification CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
– User Guide CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
– Examples CVSSv3.1 / CVSSv3.0 / CVSSv2
D.5. CVSS scoring assessment
(This part of the survey asked the participants to evaluate
four vulnerabilities with randomized order using CVSSv3.1.
The same questions were asked for each vulnerability.)
• Please use this embedded version of FIRST’s Online
Calculator to compute the Base Score.
• If you relied on any special assumptions in your as-
sessment please state them here: (free text)
• Please indicate your agreement with the following
statements:
(Strongly disagree, Disagree, Neither agree nor dis-
agree, Agree, Strongly agree)
– I’m fully confident in my calculation of the Base
Score.
– I know what the software described in the security
issue does.
– The description of the security issue is clear and
understandable.
– The described security issue is fully suitable for an
evaluation using CVSS.
– I often evaluate security issues of this type in my
daily work.
– This is an attention test. Please click ”Agree“ here.
(This question only appeared for one vulnerability)
• Please leave a comment in case there was an ambi-
guity or any other issues with the description or the
calculation of the security issue. If you think CVSS is
unsuitable to evaluate this security issue, please explain
why: (free text)
D.6. CVSS documentation questions
• In case of a CVSS assessment I usually evaluate the
impact metrics considering . . .
– . . .a realistic scenario (e.g., software or company
specific characteristics).
– . . .the reasonable worst case scenario. (correct 11)
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
• If an attacker requires advanced knowledge to exploit
the vulnerability, I usually evaluate the vulnerability
assuming. . .
– . . .the attacker already has advanced knowledge.
(correct)
– . . .the attacker does not yet have the advanced
knowledge.
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
• If a system needs to be in a specific configuration in
order to exploit the vulnerability, I usually evaluate
assuming. . .
– . . .the system is not in this specific configuration
and the attacker accordingly needs to prepare the
system.
– . . .the system is already in this specific configura-
tion. (correct)
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
• If Social Engineering is required in order to exploit the
vulnerability, I usually adapt . . .
– . . .the User Interaction metric. (correct)
– . . .the Privileges Required metric.
– . . .none.
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
• If an attacker can cause moderate damage with unpriv-
ileged user rights or can cause serious damage with
admin rights, I usually evalutate the Privileges Required
metric as. . .
– Privileges Required: None.
– Privileges Required: Low.
– Privileges Required: High. (correct)
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
• If a scope change (S:C) occurred, I usually evaluate the
impact on. . .
– . . .the vulnerable component.
– . . .the impacted component.
– . . .the component which suffers the most severe
outcome. (correct)
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
• The metric Availability reflects the availability of . . .
11. Correct answers according to CVSS documentation [5], [8], [9].
– . . .performance and operation of the impacted com-
ponent. (correct)
– . . .data used by the impacted component.
– . . .data, performance and operation of the impacted
component.
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
– I don’t understand this question.
D.7. Your opinion about CVSS
• In your opinion, how should CVSS be used? (multiple-
choice)
– Assessing the severity of vulnerabilities / Assessing
the risk of vulnerabilities / Prioritising vulnerabilities
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
• In your opinion, how should the Base Score be used
primarily?
– Without adaptation / adapted by the Environmental
Score / adapted by the Temporal Score / adapted by
the Environmental and Temporal Score
– Other, please indicate: (free text)
• Please indicate your agreement with the following
statements: (statements from Tab. 11, randomized)
D.8. Demographic questions
• Please indicate your gender.
– Male / Female / Diverse / Prefer not to say
• Please indicate your year of birth.
• Please indicate your country of residence.
• Please indicate your current main occupation.
– Employee, civil servant / Self-employed (with em-
ployees) / Freelancer / Student / Other, please indi-
cate: (free text) / Prefer not to say
• Please indicate your highest school education level.
– No school certificate / Primary school/elementary
school or equivalent / Middle school/secondary
school or equivalent (not meeting university entrance
requirements) / High school or equivalent (meeting
university entrance requirements) / Other, please in-
dicate: (free text) / Prefer not to say
• Please indicate your highest completed aca-
demic/professional education level.
– No completed academic/professional education /
Completed vocational training / Bachelor’s degree or
equivalent / Master’s degree or professional degree
(M.D., J.D., etc.) or equivalent / Ph.D. (doctoral
degree) / Other, please indicate: (free text) / Prefer
not to say
• Please estimate how many people are employed at your
work.
– 1-9 / 10-49 / 50-249 / 250-499 / 500-999 / 1,000-
4,999 / 5,000-9,999 / 10,000 or more / I don’t know.
/ Prefer not to say
• Please indicate the economic sector of your company
or organization.
– Accommodation and food service activities (e.g.,
hotel, camping grounds, restaurants, event cater-
ing) / Administration and support service activities
(e.g., rental leasing, employment activities, office
administrations) / Agriculture, forestry and fishing
/ Arts, entertainment and recreation / Construction
(e.g., construction of buildings, civil engineering,
demolition) / Education / Electricity, gas, steam and
air-conditioning supply / Financial and insurance
activities / Human health services, residential care
and social work activities / Information and com-
munication (e.g., publishing activities, programming,
information service activities) / Manufacturing (e.g.,
manufacturing of food, textiles, chemical products,
electronics, machinery) / Mining and quarrying /
Professional, scientific, technical activities (e.g., le-
gal, accounting, research & development, technical
testing and analysis) / Public administration and
defence, compulsory social security / Real estate
activities (e.g., buying, selling and renting real es-
tates) / Transportation and storage (e.g., passenger
transport, warehousing, postal and courier activities)
/ Water supply, sewerage, waste management and
remediation / Wholesale and retail trade, repair of
motor vehicles and motorcycles / I don’t know. /
Other, please indicate: (free text) / Prefer not to say
• If possible, please provide the name of your company.
This information will not be published and will be only
used internally to correlate answers of people from the
same company.
D.9. Feedback
• Please give us feedback on the completion of this
survey: (Strongly disagree, Disagree, Agree, Strongly
agree)
– I was distracted during the questioning (e.g., phone
calls, other people).
– I have answered the questions carefully.
– I consulted FIRST’s official CVSS documents during
this survey.
– I tried to get additional information about the secu-
rity issues (e.g., used Google, asked other people).
• If you would like to give us additional feedback on the
survey, please share it here.
• If you have any thoughts on CVSS which were not
covered by this survey, please share them in the text
box below.
• Would you like to be informed about the results of this
survey? – Yes / No
• May we contact you for a short follow-up CVSS sur-
vey? – Yes / No
• If you answered “Yes” to at least one of the questions
above, please provide a contact email address here.
The provided email address will be used solely for the
purposes you indicated above and for nothing else. It
will be deleted after the completion of this project.
Appendix E.
Meta-Review
E.1. Summary
This paper reports a study of the reliability of CVSS
v3.1, including what factors affect the reliability of CVSS
scores. A survey of 196 individuals reveals which compo-
nents of CVSSv3.1 are not reliable and which factors are
correlated with inconsistent scores. The paper also finds that
evaluators are aware of these issues but view CVSS as a
useful metric as it supports some general comparisons and
allows easier communication about vulnerabilities.
E.2. Scientific Contributions
• Provides a New Data Set For Public Use
• Addresses a Long-Known Issue
• Provides a Valuable Step Forward in an Established
Field
E.3. Reasons for Acceptance
1) The paper offers valuable insights into the reliability
and consistency issues of the CVSS scoring system.
The study uncovers specific CVSS variables that ex-
hibit inconsistency and sheds light on factors contribut-
ing to these inconsistencies.
2) The research not only identifies inconsistencies in
CVSS scoring but also provides a foundation for poten-
tial improvements. By uncovering the factors contribut-
ing to scoring discrepancies, the study offers insights
that can guide the development of enhanced scoring
methodologies and better support decision-making in
vulnerability management.
E.4. Noteworthy Concerns
1) One reviewer raised concerns about survey fatigue
among participants and its potential impact on re-
sponses, particularly in the study’s main design based
on the survey results. It is important to address this
concern by providing evidence that survey fatigue did
not influence the underlying ground truth evaluations.
2) Reviewers agreed that the paper while providing valu-
able insights, at times appears superficial due to a
focus on methodology and multiple research questions.
Further exploration of the findings and their implica-
tions is recommended to strengthen the paper’s impact.
Specifically, discussing the potential impacts of incon-
sistencies on the broader field of software vulnerability
management, investigating the reasons behind users not
reading CVSS documentation, and providing a clear
roadmap for improving CVSS would enhance the prac-
tical implications of the research.
Appendix F.
Response to the Meta-Review
We thank the reviewers for their detailed and helpful
comments and address their noteworthy concerns in the
following.
The first noteworthy concern refers to the results of the
expert survey (Section 3.2), on which the main study was
based. Survey fatigue can hardly be completely avoided. We
did our best to keep it as small as possible and to mitigate
its consequences. For example, in the expert survey, we
showed the 10 vulnerabilities in random order and asked
control questions at the end, such as “I have answered the
questions carefully”. The results showed no abnormalities.
Furthermore, CVSS experts were unusually committed, as
they were personally asked by one of us for help and agreed
because they found the purpose of the study exciting.
We agree that understanding the broader impact of
CVSS scoring inconsistencies on vulnerability management
is critical and will highlight the real-world implications of
our study. Inaccurate scoring can misdirect resources, as
often severity scores guide the remediation process. For
example, our study found instances where defense-in-depth
measures, generally considered to be secondary layers of
protection, were rated as high severity. This misrepresenta-
tion can lead to incorrect prioritization, diverting attention
and resources away from more pressing vulnerabilities. We
expanded our discussion to reflect this.
Considering investigating the reasons behind users not
reading CVSS documentation, we cannot do this empirically
anymore, as this would require an additional survey. Instead,
we discuss hypothetical reasons and suggest an empirical
investigation as future work in discussion section.
We acknowledge that providing a clear roadmap would
enhance the practical implications of the research. A clear
roadmap requires further studies that empirically evalu-
ate other CVSS metrics that were not highlighted here.
We therefore provide in the discussion section a clearly
structured guidance to improve CVSS under the aspects
we looked at. For example, certain metrics such as Scope
should be refined or documentation should be made more
accessible.